>> Scott Moss: So what I want to talk
about is something called fragments.
Fragments are basically kind
of like what they sound like,
they're little pieces of something.
For instance, if we have owner here and
we know we have to add it here,
all of these fields are very similar.
We kinda just duplicated
this stuff everywhere.
So instead of duplicating everywhere,
we can just add a fragment.
So I'm gonna take all these
fields away from here,
take all these fields away from here.
And now, what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna create what's called a fragment.
So I can say const, and then I'll just say
PETS_FIELDS = always use our graphql-tag.
>> Scott Moss: And
I'm gonna say fragment, and
we can call it PetsFields on Pet,
like that.
I gotta spell it right, fragment.
There we go.
So you use the fragment keyword,
you give it a name.
Use the on keyword to describe on what
type are you trying to
declare fragments for.
So AllPets query and the add pet
mutation both returned a pet type,
so I'm creating a fragment
on the pet type.
And then here,
I can add whatever fields I want.
So in this case, I want to do this.
I wanna add a fragment that has an id,
a name, type, img, owner, id, age,
and that's a client.
Even a client name will work here.
>> Scott Moss: And
then from there to add my,
>> Scott Moss: To add in my fragments,
because we're inside of
a ES6 string like this,
all I have to do is just
use a template literal or
interpolation here, and
just pass in the variable like that,
PETS_FIELDS
>> Scott Moss: So
now, you could move this to another file,
do something else with it.
And now you know all your queries and
mutations are gonna have the same fields.
So fragments are really handy.
You might read, in some documentation,
other ways to use fragments.
I think a big thing the community
does in React is they'll attach
the fragments to the components
that use the query.
So they'll come down here and
they'll do something like the pets
component Pets.fragments =,
they'll make an object and
they'll give the fragment
a name like petsFields.
And then they'll add that fragment
that we created up here to do that.
And that way they can share
the fragments based around components.
So that's something if you started
getting into organizing your React app.
If that's how you do your app, then yeah,
that's a thing that the community does,
they'll add their fragments here like
gql and do their fragments like that.
But we're just in one file, so
there's no need to do all that.
I'm just stuck in my app right now.
This is not my app, this is.
Okay, so
there's two things you have to do.
You can't just add them in like this.
In my app, I add them in like this
because we're just using strings, so
I got confused just now.
But we're using a graphql template tag
here, so we have to account for that.
The way you would do that is,
first is you have to add the fragment.
So you add the fragment at the bottom
using the same thing that we just did, and
then you can use the ...,
syntax like this, and
then you can use the fragment name, so
PetsFields, so something like that.
>> Scott Moss: So this is just spreading
over all the fields you want on
the fragment.
This is adding the fragment
to the actual operation.
>> Scott Moss: So now,
if we refresh our app,
everything should be working just fine.
>> Scott Moss: There's no simple way to
add those fragments here to the optimistic
response.
Cuz we wrote those graphics in graphql,
so you can't just easily get them here.
But there's nothing stopping you from
creating a mechanism from grabbing those
fragments and using them here yourself.
But you still have to
come up with a value,
so it's probably just better to be
declarative about in the first place.
>> Speaker 2: So when I attempt to use
the optimisticResponse I get an invariant
violation, no fragment named pets fields,
do I now have to add that pets fields?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so yeah, now-
>> Speaker 2: Is it gonna add in
the fragment to the optimisticResponse?
>> Scott Moss: Right, so now you have
to add the fragment to the response,
which is, let me see,
how do we add the fragment to this?
>> Scott Moss: I don't remember
how to add the fragment to
that-
>> Speaker 2: Something like
a typename fragment.
>> Scott Moss: There's
a specific typename, yeah.
You gotta get the specific typename and
add it there.
But yeah, well, optimisticResponse has
to follow exactly what the queried
mutation has to the tee, even with that.
So, yeah, you gotta add that.